When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  A remote repository would be beneficial when working on a collaborative project, when needing to access files remotely, or
  when I have files I want to share with someone else for their review.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	Pulling changes manually, vs having Git do it automatically, is preferred becuase there could be conflicts of changes made in the remote vs local repos; there may also be files that I dont want to add. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	A clone makes a copy of a repo either locally, or by cloning from GitHub to my local repo. 
	A fork is similar to a clone, but unique to GitHub where you can clone an exisitng repo on GitHub to your GitHub profile. This fork connects back to the original author, but allows you to create updates and also clone it locally.
	A branch is a part of my repository that can be merged into the master but is a different path and allows me to make changes without affecting teh workable version.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	Having a copy of the last known state locally allows me to compare the latest commits, as well as work offline and having access to the latest files. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	Without Git or GitHub, collaborating would be more challenging and probably a slower process. Changes could be shared via email, in a meeting or a shared document.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
	A branch can be used any time you want to leave your master intact, add something new, or remove/change a feature. A branch can also be used collaboratively to suggest a change for the master. The benefits of using master on a collaborative project is it allows the owner to review suggestions without affecting the master code. On an independent project, it allows me to make changes and test them without affecting my master code. 